I have created a list making app which can store, view, search for, delete and edit lists and items within lists. The program works by reading a single central list which contains several “main” lists within it, and these main lists can contain further nested lists or items. The central list is stored in a JSON file allowing lists to be accessed even after the program is restarted. The file is also updated as soon as an item is added or an item has been edited. Items of various types (images, urls, text, lists) are supported. Images are added by inputting a URL for the image file, and the program will display the image from this link. There is also basic validation to ensure an empty string is not accepted as input and also to filter out text that could disrupt the HTML code when displayed. Items are presented in a table format with columns for showing the item, deleting it and editing the item. The program can also distinguish with Items of the exact same type and contents by giving them an id which is unique for all items within a list. Searching across multiple lists also works with identical items with the same id but from different lists, by using their hash value. The website is responsive, as items show up immediately once they are added, and any changes made to items are also shown as soon as the change is made. There is also a back button when viewing nested lists, to allow the user to easily return to the parent list from the nested list. When searching for an item, the user is able to go straight to the list containing the found item to see the item in context. The search algorithm ensures every list and nested list is searched through, using a depth first search. 
